# Market-Segmentation-Analysis
The aim of the project is to analyze the market in India to help an Agri Tech start-up to sell their first Bio-pesticide product.I applied different Segmentation approaches to segment our data and analyzed the data using Pandas profiling for describing the segments based on chosen criteria. I had broken down the problem into simpler steps and also used fermi estimation initially.After doing an analysis of our data and applying different models, I need to select a market segment that is more profitable as compared to others.   So we concluded that the Agri-Tech start-up should be promoted in those areas where the percentage of agriculture to take place is more as those places will only make use of most of the bio-pesticides for their agriculture.

# Conclusion


It is virtually impossible to satisfy all customers, so it is up to the company to select the specific parts of the market which they can best serve. Therefore, businesses could identify market segments, select a few profitable segments, and develop products and marketing mixes that are aimed at particular customers. In this project we have done segmentation of the agriculture market in India. Also from the pie plot it’s quite clear that Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu are the states where most of the agriculture takes place with their percentages as 28.57% and 13.64% respectively. 
So we can conclude that the Agri-Tech start up should be promoted more in those areas where the percentage of agriculture to take place is more as those places will only make use of the most of the bio-pesticides for their agriculture.
